Management Fads: Emergence, Evolution, and Implications for Managers
"管理流行趋势" 或者 "管理时尚"：涌现，演化以及对管理者的启示（影响）

Themes: Business Strategies and Employee Development

### Overview
Management fads 是指"管理流行趋势" 或者 "管理时尚"，流行的管理理论总是能够吸引眼球，但是管理者们应不应该关注这个最新的时尚呢？对这种时尚的关注只是一种时间的浪费呢？
为了解决这些问题，本文研究了五个管理时尚，包括研究管理时尚的起源，其演化成为管理时间，更进一步检验该管理时尚和当前管理时间的相关性。 通过这样的五个对管理时尚的调查研究，本文为管理者提供了务实的建议：哪些时尚可以采纳，以及应该什么时候采纳。

这五个fad分别是：
MBO (1950s), 
sensitivity training (1960s), 
quality circles (1970s), 
total quality management (1980s), 
self-managed or self-directed teams (1990s).

### 1.New practices are often old fads.
Organizational characteristics that encourage fad adoption include a frustration with past fad adoption. Past failures supposedly make companies more determined to embrace change and prove that they have overcome past errors.
### 2. Organizational characteristics that encourage fad adoption include a frustration with past fad adoption.

### 3.The Life Cycle of Management Fads
Ettorre proposed a similar life cycle, based on a bell-shaped curve, that included five stages in the life cycle of a management fad, as shown in Table 2.16 

In Stage 1, the discovery stage, the fad is just beginning to come to the public's attention. Very early articles are appearing in the literature. 
It is during Stage 2, however, the wild-acceptance stage, that the fad becomes very popular. 
During Stage 3, digestion, critics begin to suggest that the fad is not the panacea it might once have seemed to be. 
In Stage 4, disillusionment, there is more widespread recognition that problems exist with the fad, 
and in Stage 5, hard core, only the staunch supporters remain loyal to the fad. During the disillusionment stage, the next fad has already begun to capture the attention of the organization, hastening the decline of the current fad. However, this does not mean that the fad always fades away completely. The fad may serve as a catalyst or antecedent to some new managerial fad or practice, or it may become part of the normal way of doing things under a different name.

### 具体的五个Management fads
首先是MBO ： management by objectives.
Management by objectives (MBO) gained prominence in the private sector during the 1950s as the result of the writings of Peter Drucker and others.

One trend that helped popularize MBO in the United States was the emergence of large numbers of white-collar and administrative positions.

By 1996, management by objectives was a fad that was reported to be long gone.20 While it is probably true that MBO has lost its status as a management fad, the practice continues to thrive while couched in new fad terminology. 

总之这个MBO虽然最后fade了，但他还是在管理学领域里继续发光发热

其次是Sensitivity Training

Sensitivity training is one of the primary roots of organizational development. 

What was actually going on at these all-day sessions? A sensitivity training session, widely called T-group (for training) or laboratory training, typically consisted of 10-12 stranger-participants and one or two trained facilitators. 

Since topics of a personal nature often came up during T-group training, an 
inexperienced trainer was often inept at putting the group back together again.

第三个是Quality Circles

In the 1970s, while sensitivity training faded, quality circles (QCs) became very popular. Like many quality initiatives, QCs came to the United States via Japan. After World War II, Japanese industry seemed determined to rid itself of the negative stigma associated with "Made in Japan," and embarked on an all-out, national effort to improve quality and build market share.

QCs were used in over 90 percent of the Fortune 500 companies, including IBM, TRW, Honeywell, Digital Equipment, and Xerox.33 However, a survey in 1988 showed that more than 80 percent of the Fortune 500 companies that had tried QCs had already abandoned them.

这个说明QC还是不够科学，没人愿意继续使用

第四个是Total Quality Management (TQM)

For many firms, the TQM journey left them with large consulting fees and little 
improvement in their earnings reports.

Research that led to the development of TQM began at the midpoint of the 20th century, and Western managers began to become aware of the concepts during the 1970s, a time during which quality circles were the management mainstay. 
The decline of QCs in the early 1980s paved the way for a surge in the popularity of TQM that prevailed for the remainder of the decade and into the 1990s.

For many firms, the TQM journey left them with large consulting fees and little 
improvement in their earnings reports.
这个说的TQM给企业带来了很大的财务负担，但是并没有给企业带来多少实际的受益。

第五个是Self-Managed Teams (SMT)

Self-managed teams (SMT), also known as selfmanaged work teams (SMWT) and self-directed teams (SDT), became popular during the last decade of the 20th century.

Utilizing rotating team leadership, SMT provided a departure from command and control management by establishing nonhierarchical work groups that were responsible and accountable for outcomes in the organization。

### 最后本文作者提了一个又一个的问题来进行阐述：

Does the goal of the fad complement the needs of the organization?

Does implementation of the fad mesh with the organizational culture?

Will adopting the fad help the organization remain competitive? 

Does the organization have the resources needed to implement the fad?

Do the expected benefits of the fad outweigh the direct and indirect costs?

Can the fad be implemented in small sections of the organization to test the new concepts with minimum risk?

Has the organization's track record with previous fad adoptions been positive?

Can you wait for the long-term benefits from fad adoption?

The literature indicates that the life cycles of fads are getting shorter.

Recent research suggests that, while there is no proven correlation between 
adopting management fads like TQM, empowerment, and self-managed teams, 
and resulting financial performance, there are other documented benefits.

通过这些问题，他给我们回答了最后一个问题，即我们该如何看待这个事情。